they offered me network all I have to do
is get an exclusive interview from you
nope yeah I get my dream job and you get
your dream guy is a win-win 14 people
Tarek that's amazing is the camera
rolling absolutely good because I
wouldn't want your fans out there to
miss this this is Susan Murphy stain
goodbye Derek
oh did you win Derek you are a selfish
jerk and guess what not met someone else
she's lime green she has 14 little
Joseph pineapple inside of her and she
is everything I deserve in life top
happy now Derek without you it's over
what is that she doesn't talk but you
need to start where you get that jacket
oh yeah I didn't either oh you see that
red stands for blood simple to
resistance you're obviously not
resistance fighters will take it off
take it off you point a gun at someone
better be ready to pull the trigger
everyone with her I thought was the
thing terminator she's hungry good
Oh year
what happened here
Judgment Day happy
I gotta get out of here hey Coldfoot
she's already down in speed good car but
there's something I grease observatory I
run the turkey